The Airine Army in Takeshita
Theorial Regarding the Headquarters of the Defense Force pink coat
At 8.30 a.m. on December 13,
Congratulations to Japan Army
on their new weapons
The main defense line of the Eikyu Chiku Jyōjin Chitaru, which can provide modern equipment,
has been completely captured on the 12th, the area of the Kyūryū Shigai,
and is preparing to attack the Hong Kong island.
The Eikyu Chiku Jyōjin Chitaru, which can provide modern equipment,
is preparing to attack the Hong Kong island.
This is 15 km from the border.
It's 20 km to Kūron.
It's about the size of the Daifu in the Kanto East Sea.
The enemy has destroyed the road,
and is attacking the area.
The pineapples and shabu-shabu trees are scattered in the field,
and our troops are attacking the Kūron.
The main defense line of the Kūryū Shigai,
from the mountain over there,
is going to attack the enemy that is coming from the mountain.
Our troops are attacking the Kūron.
On the 17th of December,
the Hong Kong anti-aircraft missile system, which we have built,
is sent to the enemy.
The Hong Kong culture and the people of the other side
are hurt, and we have again refused to respond.
The response to this was promised at 3 pm.
At 3 pm,
our three-man Saba Army,
which has entered the enemy base to receive the answer,
is approaching the coastline,
with the wave of the Victoria Harbour.
The white envelope,
hidden by the white flag,
is shining brightly,
and the white envelope,
hidden by the white flag,
is shining brightly,
by the flag of theKorean People較.
A new ship has arrived.
Saba Umo was at ease to come to pea liknie in the beginning.
The Japanese army came for the reverse landing,
but the answer from Ryosuka no Oka
Anyway, comprehensive measures tell to make a
For the proper которой
Let's do it dinnerness